README.md, before:

# pandas-challenge-1

# Introduction to Pandas and utilization with Python

Through this challenge, as a developer, I was tasked with the reading, parsing and manipulation of data that is stored in a comma seperated data file (csv). There are multiple parts to the exploration to grant me as a user some familiarity with the different functions and capabilities of Pandas and their Series and DataFrames

## Workflow

- Exploring the data
    1. Ensure to import the pandas library
    2. read the file
    3. basic validation of read via .head() and columns functions/properties
    4. Filter data by types and by columns
    5. Basic aggregation using value_counts
- Data Transformation
    1. Create a new column with a calculated value
    2. Create a new column with a value that is determined by a set of rules
    3. Create a new column that sums values
- Summarization and Analysis
    1. From prior calculations provide user with more readable values
    2. Update column headers to more user friendly, readable values

## Note
- The two .ipynb files appeared identical. I worked through module_4_challenge.ipynb.

Commit message:

add summary details to readme

README.md, after:

# pandas-challenge-1

# Introduction to Pandas and utilization with Python

Through this challenge, as a developer, I was tasked with the reading, parsing and manipulation of data that is stored in a comma seperated data file (csv). There are multiple parts to the exploration to grant me as a user some familiarity with the different functions and capabilities of Pandas and their Series and DataFrames

## Workflow

- Exploring the data
    1. Ensure to import the pandas library
    2. read the file
    3. basic validation of read via .head() and columns functions/properties
    4. Filter data by types and by columns
    5. Basic aggregation using value_counts
- Data Transformation
    1. Create a new column with a calculated value
    2. Create a new column with a value that is determined by a set of rules
    3. Create a new column that sums values
- Summarization and Analysis
    1. From prior calculations provide user with more readable values
    2. Update column headers to more user friendly, readable values

## Summary of Data

By a large margin client 24741 was the largest customer. Not only did they have the highest gross revenue, they also were the top in total profit. They were also the top in units sold.

## Note
- The two .ipynb files appeared identical. I worked through module_4_challenge.ipynb.
